This code formed the experimental basis for my dissertation work on
multiobjective landscape analysis. It is a fairly general platform for
implementing multiobjective metaheuristics for numeric or combinatorial
optimization. The focus of the system is on making it fairly straightforward to
describe an algorithm, and this comes somewhat at the expense of the clarity of
the internal code. I'm not too happy with the system as it stands today, as I
think the complexity has outpaced the benefits. I'm currently working on a
ground-up rewrite of the package that will remove much of the incidental
complexity, but as of now, the newer package is not yet ready to use (and as of
mid-2011, I'm no longer devoting much time to this line of research, so the
future of that code is unknown).

The code is all C++, and relies rather heavily on features of modern C++. Most
of the code gets pulled into a single giant template instantiation, which has a
number of bad consequences. The most obvious is that compile times are quite
long, and very little can be done in the way of separate or incremental
compilation.

If you want to use this code, just run make from the src directory (you may need
to edit the makefile for your platform). Note that this will take several
minutes to complete. If it builds successfully (it's been tested on Mac, Linux,
and Windows, but not really recently and the Windows port in particular will
probably need some work to set up a Visual Studio project or something), then
you should have a command-line program named "sls". Run it by passing it one or
more configuration files. It will produce output in a roughly human-readable
form on standard output. There are some scripts in the src/scripts directory to
do interesting things with this output, but the scripts will require a
functional Unix toolkit.
